Merge branch-PPP-Marcus with Master (#215)
AY2223S1-CS2103-F09-2/tp: docs/team/lfrostbytee.md

### Project: Duke The Market

> Duke The Market is a desktop system application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Duke The Market is a desktop application
```

### Project: Duke The Market

Duke The Market is a desktop application used for managing customer contacts and events in department stores. 
The user interacts with it using a CLI, and it has a GUI created with JavaFX. 
It is written in Java, and has about 10 kLoC.

Given below are my contributions to the project.

* **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2223s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=lfrostbytee&breakdown=true)

* **Enhancements implemented**:

>     * Updated the GUI for the application (Pull requests [\#54](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103-F09-2/tp/pull/54), [\#131](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103-F09-2/tp/pull/131))

Reviewer 2: Perhaps can specify what the update managed to accomplish!
```suggestion
    * Updated the GUI for the application to display `Event` (Pull requests [\#54](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103-F09-2/tp/pull/54), [\#131](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103-F09-2/tp/pull/131))
```

Reviewer 2: Actually is there a reason you didn't want the What it does & Justification section for this enhancement?

>         * What it does: The application can now display events concurrently with persons while the entering command displays all events in the application to the user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        * What it does: The application can now display events concurrently with persons while entering the command displays all events in the application to the user.
```

        * What it does: displays all events in the application to the user.

>         * Justification: This feature allows the user to see events in the current order in which they are stored as data and can be extended to sort events permanently.

Reviewer 2: Should we use past tense since this feature was implemented too?
```suggestion
        * Justification: This feature allows the user to see events in the current order in which they are stored as data and has been extended to sort events permanently.
```

>     * Added the `Date` and `Time` attribute for Events and Persons [\#106](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103-F09-2/tp/pull/106), [\#129](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103-F09-2/tp/pull/129)

Reviewer 2: Just changed it a little so it reflects that Person doesn't have the time class
```suggestion
    * Added the `Date` and `Time` attributes for Event and the `Date` attribute for Person [\#106](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103-F09-2/tp/pull/106), [\#129](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103-F09-2/tp/pull/129)
```

>         * What it does: events can now store a starting date and time while each person can store their date of birth.

Reviewer 2: Caps to standardise with the other sentences
```suggestion
        * What it does: Events can now store a start date and time while each person can store their date of birth.
```

>         * Justification: This feature allows the user to see the age statistics for each event and see what time an event begins.

Reviewer 2: Hmm was thinking that since this is a sub-point of introducing 'Date' and 'Time' class we shouldn't talk about statistics at this stage and leave it for later? Or perhaps can leave it at the end?

```suggestion
        * Justification: This feature allows the user to view the start date and time of every event in the application and also view the date of birth of all persons in the application. These attributes will eventually allow for event attendees statistics such as gender distribution to be displayed on a pie chart.
```

    * Created the GUI display for the `makeStats` command [\#131](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103-F09-2/tp/pull/131)
        * What it does: opens a new window showing a pie chart of a statistic.
        * Justification: This feature allows the user to see the statistics of an event visually.
    * Added the `findEvents` command [\#128](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103-F09-2/tp/pull/128)
        * What it does: displays all events that match the keywords that have been inputted.
        * Justification: This feature helps the user to better locate the events that they are looking for if they are already managing many events.

* **Documentation**:
    * User Guide:
        * Added documentation for the `findEvents` command.
        * Removed documentation for the `tag` feature.
        * Updated documentation for `findPersons` command.
    * Developer Guide:
        * Added documentation for V1.1 and the `listEvents` command.

* **Contributions to team-based tasks**:
    * Setting up the GitHub team org/repo.

>     * Organizing and facilitating weekly team meetings.

Reviewer 2: HL mentions Team Lead in his PPP, maybe u can just indicate here so its clearer who the TL is
```suggestion
    * Organizing and facilitating bi-weekly team meetings as the Team Lead.
```
